Heat & Health
Chapter 2
Momentous Supplements
Chapter 3
The Brain-Body Contract
Chapter 4
LMNT, InsideTracker, ROKA
Chapter 5
Body Shell Temperature vs. Body Core Temperature
Chapter 6
Thermal Regulation, Hyperthermia
Chapter 7
Heat Removal Circuits, Pre-Optic Hypothalamus (POA)
Chapter 8
Protocols & Benefits of Deliberate Heat Exposure
Chapter 9
Tools & Conditions for Deliberate Heat Exposure
Chapter 10
Deliberate Heat Exposure, Cortisol & Cardiovascular Health
Chapter 11
Heat Shock Proteins (HSPs), Molecular Mechanisms of Heat Regulation
Chapter 12
Longevity & Heat Exposure, FOXO3
Chapter 13
Deliberate Cold & Heat Exposure & Metabolism
Chapter 14
Deliberate Heat Exposure & Growth Hormone
Chapter 15
Parameters for Heat & Cold Exposure
Chapter 16
Circadian Rhythm & Body Temperature, Cold & Heat Exposure
Chapter 17
Heat Exposure & Growth Hormone
Chapter 18
Tool: Hydration & Sauna
Chapter 19
Heat, Endorphins & Dynorphins, Mood
Chapter 20
Tool: Glabrous Skin To Heat or Cool
Chapter 21
Local Hyperthermia, Converting White Fat to Beige Fat, Metabolism
Chapter 22
Hormesis/Mitohormesis & Heat/Cold Exposure
Chapter 23
Benefits of Heat Exposure
Chapter 24
Zero-Cost Support, YouTube Feedback, Spotify & Apple Reviews, Sponsors, Momentous Supplements, Instagram, Twitter, Neural Network Newsletter